10 Jul 2010 : GWA : Modified thesis template.

I started with the old reliable huthesis.cls and template which I got from
Bor-rong. In the process of writing my thesis I found a great deal of time to
procrastinate and muck with things. Here are some of the improvements I
believe I made:

1) Makefile modifications so that bibtex no longer runs when there aren't any
citations. This always bugged me.

2) Ability to build individual chapters separately. Note that some links
between chapters will break in these cases, which is unavoidable. However,
this can be useful when you are drilling down in one area and get tired of
waiting for the full build to complete.

3) Fairly easy process established to add chapters. Simply set up the
subdirectory is described in the README in 1-chapter and then add to the
SUBDIRS variable in the top-level Makefile. Chapters will build in the order
listed.

4) Easily disable/enable single spacing and the inclusion of MDW-style
"\XXXnotes" in your text. Single spacing is great when providing hard copies
for old-school readers.

5) "make install" pushes PDFs to a web share for easy distribution to your
committee.

6) There were a few little formatting bugs and weirdnesses I discovered and
altered in the original LaTex class files. Depending on how the document
standards evolve these may need more adjusting in the future.

7) Better treatment of file dependencies in make which should avoid almost
all spurious rebuilds.

Just a few other miscellaneous notes:

* the SVNIGNORE file includes a set of file pattern matches suitable for a
typical thesis directory. To use it, run "svnpropset -F /path/to/SVNIGNORE
svn:ignore ." in the directory you're after. Note that this will set up PDF
files to *not* be tracked in your repository. Change this if it's not what
you want.

* there are various hidden files (.spacing, .xxxnote, .chapterincludes) that
are used by make internally for holding various variable. Sometimes these
need to be generated the first time you build in a given directory, so if a
build fails always just repeat it once or twice to see if this is the
problem. These files should *not* be removed by "make clean" so once you have
them they should stay there and this problem should not reemerge.
